a) I think the biggest obstacle I overcame was figuring out how to restart the check for a valid poll string once a comma was reached. I don't even remember exactly how I came across it, but those six lines of code simplified the process of checking the string's validity and instantly clarified how I should go about it. Aside from that, the whole process was fairly straightforward – I was surprised by how easy it was to tally the seats for a party.

b) Program Description

My first function takes in a string and converts it to uppercase. This makes the checks for letters easier later on.

Then I write the function to check if the poll string has the proper syntax:

If the size of the data string is 0, return true. If it's 1, return false.
Repeatedly:
    If the first two characters are not letters, return false.
    If they are letters but not a valid state string, return false.
    Move forward two characters.
    Repeatedly, until a comma is reached:
	If the character after the state code is not a digit, return false.
	Return false if there's not either one or two digits followed by a letter.
    If a comma is reached, move forward one position and restart the check.
    If it's not a comma, return false if there's anything after it.
Return true if the last character in the string is not a comma.

Next is my function to tally the seats for a party:

I immediately make the string uppercase to make checking for letters easier.
Return 1 if the poll string is not valid, and 2 if the party is not a letter.
If both errors occur, return 1.
Repeatedly:
    Once a digit is found in the string:
	Check if the letter one or two spaces after the digit is the same as the party specified.
	    If it is, convert the digit characters into an int and add it to the party total.

Last is the black magic Valid Uppercase State Code boolean we were provided.

c) For my test cases, I created a loop that asks for the string and the party character, and outputs the seat tally for that party and what value tallySeats returned.

Test for empty strings, one-character strings, and strings that only contain the state:
"", f
"c", f
"1", f
"ca", f
"cf", f
"1c", f
"c1", f

Test for strings that only have a number or letter after the state code:
"ca1", f
"caf", f

Test for strings that end in two letters or two numbers:
"ca11", f
"caff", f

Test for a valid poll string that has a one-digit value for a party:
"ca7d", d
"ca7d", r

Test for a valid poll string that has a two-digit value for a party:
"ca15d", d
"ca15d", r

Test for a valid poll string that has a mix of digits and parties:
"ca1d15r9j", d
"ca1d15r9j", r
"ca1d15r9j", j
"ca1d15r9j", f

Do these tests but with strings separated by commas:
"ca1d15r9j,ny7d8r", d
"ca1d15r9j,ny7d8r,ct8r3d", r
"ca1d15r9j,ny7d8r,ct8r3d", f
"ca1d15r9j,ny7d8r,ct8r3d", j

Check if the string ends in a comma, or if there are two commas in between:
"ca1d15r9j,ny7d8r,ct8r3d,", r
"ca1d15r9j,ny7d8r,,ct8r3d", r